This is the HWA kernel for HD2 

Default CPU governor: HYPER
CFS CPU SCHEDULER!
Default CPU frequency: 245-998 MHz (for OC to 1.61, 998Ghz = Normal non OC 1Ghz speed!)
Min CPU frequency can be 96Mhz! default 245Mhz
Support overclocking to 1612 MHz. (via SetCPU or shell script) (Credits: Dorimanx)
Support undervolt/overvolting via sysfs interface. (850-1375mV) (Credits: snq-,Dorimanx)
Default I/O Scheduling: DEADLINE
More I/O Scheduling present in kernel: AS,SIO, VR,
Patched with G-Sensor freeze fix (Credits: mdebeljuh and jdivic)
Patched with Bluetooth 60mA battery drain fix (i.e. support Low-power mode Bluetooth) (Credits: trilu and charansingh)
Patched with wakeup lag fix for AUO panels (Credits: mdebeljuh and jdivic)
Full cLK bootloader support (Credits: cedesmith)
Two-way call recording (Credits: avs333 and snq-) (Removed from main kernel for fixing "no sound" bug. Credit to drizztje.)
Two-way call recording added in separated kernel, for people that need it and not use BT voice call.
Mic Gain Fix is included! + script to adjust the gain to best (credits:memin1857, dorimanx)
T-Mobile Wi-Fi Calling (Credits: tytung)
Wi-Fi IEEE 802.1x/EAP authentication (Credits: tytung)
Native USB Tethering + my fix in configs (Credits: tytung , dorimanx)
Native Wi-Fi Tethering + my fix in configs (Credits: tytung, dorimanx)
Real WiFi and Bluetooth MAC addresses. (Credits: Franck78, Rick_1995 and Marc1706)
Official HTC extended battery support (HTC EB 2300mAh) (Credits: arne)
File systems support: Yaffs2, Ext2/3/4, ReiserFS, (NLS_UTF8 is compiled into the kernel) (Credits: tytung, dorimanx)
ALSA sound driver as kernel modules (alsa-pcm-htc-leo.ko and alsa-mix-htc-leo.ko) (Credits: Cotulla,Tytung!)
Fix to Video Drivers, PFS to max (Credits: 3DAK)
Fix to PPP drivers for full VPN Support (Credits: 3DAK, Dorimanx, Arne182)
Fixed Proximity sensor wakeup (Credits: 3DAK)
Added Latest SQLB memory scheduler (Credits: 3DAK,Dorimanx)
Added Tiny RCU Preempt CPU scheduler
Added tweaks to increase I/O Speed. (Credits: Dorimanx)
Added tweaks to increase CPU speed (Credits: Dorimanx)
Full support for Decoder M4V and H264 Camera recording (3gp + mp4)
Removed all the debuggers to free the kernel from unneeded jobs (Credits: Dorimanx)
Removed lots of unneeded configurations and partitions. (Credits: Dorimanx)
Fixed the color banding issue. (Credit to marc1706)
Added 2 new governors to play with, smoothass and interactiveX (Credits: HierOS)
Updated USB Drivers from Hieros and ACA kernels.
Updated EXT2,3,4 RiserFS
Enable cleancache pseudo-RAM driver to cache clean pages
Run-time PM core functionality
ZRAM XVMALLOCATOR
Compressed in-memory swap device (zram) + activation scripts for CM7
Added extension to 14MB RAM page table! was 2MB!
New Nand Driver that will allow EXT4 on NAND after full testing. (credits to Munjeni)
Added Vdd AVS ( Adaptive Voltage Scaling ) code files! (by Marc1706) (this obsolete undervolt/overvolting via sysfs interface now it's all AUTO! but we still can configure dynamic voltage settings via script, added to init.d with kernel)
Use PM_FAST (fast sleep) in standby for WIFI + lower voltage to wifi (by Marc1706)
Tweak camera (better picks in dark, less greenly) (by Marc1706)
Added Keyboard back light !ON! in DARK, and !OFF! in LIGHT (Mod is DISABLED by default can be ON by activation in script, see change log for 3.2) (By Munjeni)
Added ICS HeadSet FIX (Credits: tytung , dorimanx)
Stochastic Fair Blue Net Scheduler (SFB) (all credits to fhasovic)
Added new hyper governor (very strong and fast!) (credits to fhasovic and Dorimanx)

Credits: Cotulla, Markinus, Hastarin, TYTung, Letama, Rajko, Dan1j3l, Cedesmith, Arne, Trilu, Charansingh, Mdebeljuh, Jdivic, Avs333, Snq-, Savan, Drizztje, Marc1706, Zivan56, Securecrt, Rick_1995, Franck78, other devs, and testers.

Notes:

make htcleohwa_defconfig
use this config to enable the HWA , this build can't be used in CM7 rom it is CM9 ICS only!!!

make htcleo_defconfig  

this the default without HWA build which can use in CM7  
